Setting up Fail2ban with Overseerr (#739)
sct/overseerr: docs/extending-overseerr/fail2ban.md

# Protecting Your Server Using Fail2ban

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% hint style="danger" %}
If you are running Overseerr in a Docker container, make sure that the `PROXY` environment variable is set to `yes`.
{% endhint %}

```

Reviewer 2: Was about to add this one but you beat me to it while I was having a shower :p

Author: Can you first change this one from danger to warning, please

{% hint style="warning" %}
If your OS runs `firewalld`, make sure it is running and that Overseerr is accessible before continuing.
{% endhint %}

### Configuring Fail2ban

> After installing Fail2ban, the configuration files should be located at `/etc/fail2ban`. Make ***copies*** of `jail.conf` and `fail2ban.conf` in the same directoy, replacing the `.conf` extensions with `.local`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing Fail2ban, the configuration files should be located at `/etc/fail2ban`. Make a copy of `jail.conf` in the same directoy, replacing the `.conf` extensions with `.local`.
```
Just realized that fail2ban.conf is never modified.

Author: Yeah, but we have to do that because every time Fail2ban updates, it replaces both `.conf` files, and that could break something. Whatever you change, always change in the .local

Reviewer: @costaht Just so you're aware, I use SWAG (which comes with Fail2ban) and there is no `fail2ban.conf` in that directory by default.  I think you should leave it out, since we aren't making any changes anyway.  Also, maybe make a note that for SWAG users, the config files will be located in `/config/fail2ban`?

Author: Ok. Can you add that?

> Next, open `jail.local` in a text editor.  Add the following jail configuration under `JAILS`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, open `jail.local` in a text editor.  Add the following jail configuration:
```
I just checked my `jail.local` and mine doesn't say "JAILS" anywhere.

```
[overseerr]
enabled         = true
port            = 5055

> logpath         = /root/snap/overseerr/common/logs/overseerr.log

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
logpath         = /path/to/overseerr.log
```

Reviewer: Ooh good catch!  Can't believe I missed that when proofreading :|

### Configuring Fail2ban

> After installing Fail2ban, the configuration files should be located at `/etc/fail2ban`. Make a copy of `jail.conf` in the same directoy, replacing the `.conf` extensions with `.local`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing Fail2ban, the configuration files should be located at `/etc/fail2ban`. Make a copy of `jail.conf` in the same directory, replacing the `.conf` extensions with `.local`.
```
